How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    We can understand the changes that led to a bug 

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    we can easily track the changes made to the code for each versions

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    i dont see a big difference here as its just telling the repoository as its the final code to be used in production

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    it is easy for the other members in the team to collaborate and work on the same code tbereby resulting faster releases

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    I dont know at this point of time and expecting it to learn in future

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Its because of the fact that all my modified verions are stored in the repository and i know that i can fall back to previous versions
    at any given point of time

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
    git log will show the list of latest commits with dates and author details. 
    git diff with 2 files or 2 commit ids shows the difference between 2 files

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I just want to have hands on by updating my changes and understand git in a practical way

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, 
vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

    Its better to commit manually instead of autosave just because the changes are stored with details and ability to fall back as and when required

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    its because Git deals with managing software code written in multiple files and dependent against each other whereas other version
    control systems require only independent files to be tracked